Stop
charge
Wife
I didn't expect you to be so cruel
Stop, if you play again, I won't go forward
I'll blow them up
Magic, your royal family is gone
You raise your hand to throw the gun now and I can let it go
You shut up
It's because my Wang family is gone
I want to pull you to bury the main peak together today
You kneel down for me
Otherwise I'll blow them up
Chu Feng doesn't want you to leave us alone, junior brother, go away
Chu Feng can't be cheap for them
Chu Feng and the others want to exchange me for the order.
I'm all right.
You should go
Magic, I can promise you anything you want
As long as you let him go
Housewife
What do you give me for our Wang family's self-produced business?
There's 100 million in this card.
As long as you want
You can take it immediately.
If you say there is 100 million, there is 100 million.
Why should I believe Mr. There are so many people
Just try it and you'll know. Try it.
Oh, Wang Chao.
It's a billion.
Yo, I didn't expect you, bumpkin
Really so rich
Get the money and get out
It's not enough to get rid of me with just this money
Lao Tzu wants hundreds of billions of orders
I want 100 billion.
Can you afford it?
As long as you let them go
I can give you as much as you want.
Xiaofang
I admitted before that I underestimated you a bit.
But you remember
I want 100 billion.
How do you give it to me?